I just finished my freshman year of college, and now I'm worried that I won't have enough financial aid to ride out until the end of my education. I come from a family that is very mixed in it's financial status, as in my father was making absolute bank until he lost his job in 2009 due to mass layoffs which effectively ruined my parents lives, but he's also in consideration for a job that'll pay around $85,000 a year, so that would put them, and possibly by extension me, in a very good financial situation. But I've learned that when planning things it's always best to prepare for the worst, so let's just forget I mentioned that potential new job. Anyways, the college I attended for the 2017 - 2018 school year cost roughly $22,000 a year with room and board, which is a necessity as it's a three hour drive from where I live. So, considering that my degree would require me to attend for five years, that'll roughly be a grand total of $110,000, and I just found out that an undergrad, who is still a dependent, can only take out up to$39,000 in government student loans. About $11,000 of that was used this past year, with grants or free aid covering the rest besides another $5000 that slipped through the cracks, which my parents ended up covering by taking out a loan that they can't afford. So that leaves me with a maximum of $28,000 in government loans and whatever grants and other free aid I get offered to cover $88,000 of college tuition. Now, looking back at how my financial aid for 2017 - 2018 worked out, and considering that my EFC went up a ton just because my sister moved out, my Higher Education award, which everyone gets, has dropped from $5000 to a little over $2000, things aren't looking very good there. Oh, and there's also the issue of your student loan eligibility decreasing every year that you're in school(I haven't fact checked that myself, buy I remember a financial advisor telling me that). Now that all sounds fine and dandy, but when you realize that a high school band director will probably make scraps starting out, sometimes even less than other new educators, and the fact that school systems have been cutting music programs from public school curriculum for a while now, and are still doing so, it starts to seem like a much less viable and worthy option to out $80,000 worth if debt towards, even if it is my passion. There's also the fact that my main drive for this is for the love of the music meets competition aspect, and I'm not sure if someone who is only in it for the competitiveness should be teaching students.