I went to college the fall semester of 2007, and have not been able to go back since. I'm basically begging for advice from anybody who can give it. Most of my story is probably irrelevant, but I'll recount it here to best illustrate the situation. When I graduated high school, I was living in the cheaper of the two motels in town.  An older cousin got me out of my mother's house when it became apparent to her that my mother was the cause of my rather serious depression, as well as a suicide attempt.  There wasn't anything legally allowing me to leave; she just showed up one day and told me to pack my things.  My mom threatened to call the cops, my cousin told her to do it, and my mom promptly shut her mouth and let me go.  I lived with my cousin and her husband for a short time, but when they traveled to Ukraine for a then-undetermined amount of time to sort out their adoption, it was time to strike out on my own.  So I did.  I had worked at a cafe in town since junior high, and had become the head cook.  I saved money and made pretty good grades. I bought a car, found the cheapest place I could to live, and survived on the rest. There wasn't much to spare, but I was content knowing that there wasn't anyone to hold me back anymore. I came to learn quickly that there is much more to getting into a good college than a passable transcript. The primary barrier: money. 'No problem,' my guidance counselor would say, giving me piles of financial aid papers to fill out.  I accepted them hesitatingly, knowing that I was good enough to get into college, but not likely good enough to have anyone want to pay for me to go.  I dutifully applied for all of the scholarships I possibly could, and was rejected on all counts.  So, my counselor told me to file a FAFSA.  This is the point at which I became familiar with the laws of emancipation.  There are roughly 1,500 citizens of the town in which I grew up.  In general, not having somebody to sign my permission slips, or an address to which my letters could be sent was not an issue. Anybody who needed to understood my situation. Obviously distraught, I turned to the one safe haven I had always had my school. When I did still live at home, going to school was what kept me sane.  I would immerse myself in it, and my home life would fade into the background.  My teachers were my friends and my friends were my family.  My English teacher even provided me with the mantra I still turn to: you can do anything for a little while.  My school came through for me again!  Without telling her which of her four children currently in the school it was regarding, the office called her and scheduled a meeting.  When she arrived, they gave her the forms to fill out.  In keeping with the appearance of a good mother that she thought she had established with the administrators of my school, she sat in the office scribbling for awhile, and then handed over the booklet. By the end of the summer, I had found a house off campus that I had determined I could afford based on the estimates of the loans and grants I had been informed I would be receiving. The school I had chosen was a 3-hour drive from where I lived, so I moved to that city a month or so early to start looking for a part-time job.  A short while before school was supposed to start, I got a letter stating that there was an issue with my FAFSA, and that I would need to provide tax forms to prove my parents' income.  I called my mother to ask her for the paperwork, and she laughingly informed me that there was no paperwork, and that she had written a zero on every line. I tried to speak with people at the college, but no matter what department I took it up with, it was the wrong one.  All around, the answer that I got was that I either needed to provide the paperwork or the money, and fast.  To me, that meant either turning in my mother for defrauding the state, or magically coming up with thousands of dollars.  I had no credit and nobody to cosign for a loan.  Being 18, terrified, and entirely without encouragement, I gave up.  Finding a job that would work with my schedule was harder than I had thought it would be, and I ended up working overnights at Target.  Some mornings I would finish work in time to get to class, and some mornings I would not.  Sometimes I simply did not have the energy.  I was informed one day that one-third of the questions on a test I was about to take would be from things in the textbook that I had not been able to afford.  Knowing that I would have to drop out at the end of the semester, and not making enough money to even try to save, the days that I would make it to class started to get further and further apart, until it became a rare occurrence.  My grades evaporated, and so did my future. I need help.  Asking for help is one of the hardest things I have learned how to do; right now, I am begging for it.  Who can I talk to?  What can I do?  Is there anything that I can do?  Is there any legal way to hold my mother accountable?  Learning is the one thing that has remained positive throughout my entire life.  When I was very young, my mother would punish me by making me stay home from school.  She would tell me that I would never make it to college, that I was too stupid and not well-behaved enough.  I would sit in my room all day guessing at what I was missing, reading ahead, and filling in my workbooks.  I feel like that little girl being told she can't.  Only now I don't even have the luxury of knowing that school will be there tomorrow.