Hello, I am moving out of my Dad's House in a few days, I will be 18 when I leave. My situation is rather unique. My parents are divorced, and I have lived with my Dad since I was 15 and have received no support from my Mom or anyone from her side of the family since I moved into my Dad's house. I am Graduating High School Early in 2 weeks, and I potentially have the Stats to get into a Top 20 private college, but I can't because of finances. I Can't fill out the CSS profile at all because my Mom's side of the family said they won't help me with college, or fill out any forms for me unless I go to X (absolutely not an option for my sanity). I filled out the FAFSA for the 2021-22 year with my Dad already as we are still on speaking terms, but after I move out It is very unlikely that he would will lever help me with any future FAFSA forms. I am really hoping that for future academic years I am able to get a dependency override. My Dad is a borderline hoarder, and the house is a semi-health hazard. The house is covered in junk and dog hair. Nearly every square inch of open space has something on it. The Bathrooms are completely disgusting, and I have not been allowed to clean them because my dad is sensitive about me touching his stuff. The kitchen is absolutely disgusting. Rotting food and dished covering all the counter space. This summer there were bugs in the sink, but they are gone now. There is a big ass hole in the ceiling in the basement because there was a leak in the kitchen above that basement. There are ceiling pieces all over the floor right outside my room. My Grandma had a guy come look at the sink in the kitchen, and he diagnosed the problem but there wasn't enough money to fix it. He also said there is mold under the sink in the kitchen, but again no money for that. I personally have not been able to find the mold. We have also had insurance people drop us because there is mold all over the roof of the house itself. There was a random wet spot that showed up on the carpet one day. After a month, I finally convinced my Dad to do something about it, and he just ripped up the carpet in that spot, and didn't do anything further. Personally, I can add my own context to the situation. For about a year after moved in with my Dad, I had to live out of a suitcase in a room filled with junk in the upstairs part of the house. The Air conditioning in the house only works in the basement, and there was a perfectly good room in the basement that I could have slept in, but my Dad wanted me to be close to him at night so he wouldn't get lonely. (He also had a room upstairs, but he had a big window and a fan in his room, I didn't.) So I got to spend the summer sleeping in a 90+ degree room, so my Dad wouldn't get lonely. I also got a job that summer at 15 because up to this point I was often dealing with hunger. My Dad refused to go to the Welfare office to get more food stamps for me, or go to any private charity because he was embarrassed. After that summer the level of abuse went down. I had a job so I could pay for all of the living expenses and food that he was failing to pay for. I eventually moved into the basement room, and just moved all of my Dad's stuff out of it. It was a major shit show, with him forcing me to move back upstairs into the heat once, but eventually I got my own climate controlled space. Just Wondering if the house video and my own account would be enough for a dependency override. I won't be homeless when I move out, I have a lot of savings and a car and I am working 30 hours a week at my job. I guess one could say I will be at risk of going homeless, that might be a stretch though.