Alright, this is a serious question, that I'm hoping someone on the outside looking in can help me understand, explain and/or see. I don't understand what is my purpose here in life. What is my life's purpose? And here's a little about my life. I'm thirty, when I was about seven, I had a good chance of leaving here and dying when I almost drowned in my uncle's pool. However, I was saved by mu uncle and I'm still here. All during my years in Elementary school, I had no friends and when I say no friends, I don't mean like one friend or two friends, I mean, I had no friends. Why? Because during my years in elementary, while all the other kids were busy tongue kissing boys and acting all fast and wild, I was this nerd into studying, books and education and writing and into the arts, so I was without friends and severely bullied several times over. Anyway, my mom and I are poor (and no I'm not asking anyone for anything, so relax, I don't want a handout, I want an answer as to my life's purpose), and when I say poor, I mean, poor to the point where, for all but about three or four years of my living, my mom and I have lived in shelters, and sometimes in storage units. I'm thirty and my mom is in her sixties and we're still homeless. We aren't on welfare or on government assistance, because we don't want a handout or anything handed to us, we want to work hard like everyone else for things, but trying to find a job is hard. You go out and send out resumes for teaching jobs and you know you have the experience but these jobs never call. You send out resumes for ANY job out there and no one calls - what do you do? You lose your place of living. And being homeless in the dead of winter is hard on me, yeah but I don't care about myself so much as I do my mom. She has asthma, COPD and being homeless has been hard and extremely tough on her. She has been battling bronchitis/pneumonia for weeks now and she's been without medicare, because she doesn't have money to buy medicare, so she can't get her sickness treated. Then there are agencies and such that can help people from being homeless - sure, but you call these agencies and such and they're either way too swamped helping others, to be able to help anyone else or they can't help because they themselves have run out of funds to help others. So what do you do? You can't find a job, you lose your place of living, you can't afford medicare, government agencies and such won't help - what do you do? So, last night, I tried taking a few pills and ending it, but here I am, awake another morning. I don't know if maybe self-consciously, I purposely didn't take enough pills or if I did and God just refuses to take me out of this life, because my purpose is to keep suffering, but I am so, so tired of this life, of this world, where everything you want, you can never have, unless you're rich, where people are so mean and cruel to you and treat you like crap, where you pray and pray to a God that you've been told exists and nothing happens. I just - I'd like to know why was I put here? What is my purpose for being here? I think if I weren't here, maybe my mom would be better...If someone can read everything I put here and determine what my purpose is, I'd be forever grateful, because I have no idea and it's to the point where everyday, I'm literally hoping to get struck by a stray bullet or hit by a car so I can be put out of my misery. Because people don't believe this, but every day is like being slowly eaten from the inside out, by a cancer with no hope in sight for being cured. That's what my life feels like and I need answers.