I try to put this in a logical order but I apologize if I end up rambling a bit. I am a couple years out of school and am making ends meet. I dont have a lot of money and I have a lot of debt, but I still lead a good life. Work is challenging, but only occasionally stressful, and I have a very good group of friends that are always there for me no matter what. However, I think I am reaching a breaking point with my family. A little background of  my parents have struggled with money for years. My dad works in an industry where it has been incredibly difficult for him to keep a job. I'm almost positive its nothing to do with his job performance based on various things over the years. I just think his industry (health care) has been incredibly tough. They were able to help me pay some for college but I still had to take out quite a bit in student loans. During that time (I also worked a lot through college), I gave my parents a lot of money (thousands) from my savings (dried up years ago), what I earned working in college, and from my student loans. I had worked a lot in high school before things went south for the family. I saved up and bought a car junior year and still had a good amount of savings when I graduated. I feel it important to point out that it doesn't bother me I gave them money. My family needed help and I did it without thinking twice. I am not saying it wasn't hard for me but I never really had to think about doing it. All of our accounts were linked though our bank for years. It's been that way my whole life (meaning since this was an available service) and that was how my parents gave us our allowance. It later turned into how I would give my parents money and my account was often drained to pay overdraft fees of others (after this starting happening I opened a new account at a separate bank and closed this one shortly after I started my new job). After college I took a job in a new city and am now far away from my family. Over the past few years I have been giving my brother money (also to the tune of thousands) not including co-signing student loans. I know some may comment that this wasn't a smart financial decision but like I said before this is my family. I have made financial mistakes in the past and am still paying for those but I have also learned a lot from them and am much smarter with my money and spending habits. He hasn't had the same support system I had (although I paid or am paying for a lot of my school still) and my parents are no longer able to help him. But now I feel I need to make a tough decision. I need to cut them off financially. It's gotten to the point that every time I get a call from a family member (more below) I immediately stress out and that stress and anger linger for hours and sometimes for days after the call (partially because I wish it wasn't this was but since it is this way I wish I could do more). This has been getting worse over the years too. THIS is the most stressful thing in my life by far. Nothing is even close. I am incurring even more debt to help him, some of which includes his expensive medical bills. I told him yesterday that I couldn't afford to help him (this time) but he still called me late last night desperately asking for money. Frankly, I can't do this anymore. I feel bad saying no but I don't think I have any other option at this point. At some point I need to be able to live my life and work my way out of this financial hole. I think I need to take the following actions or some variation but I could really use feedback. Is it too harsh? Am I going about this the wrong way? I don't want to call anybody out and I don't want to point fingers but I don't think they realize the toll that this has taken on me and I think they need to understand this, where I am coming from, and that they need to figure out what needs to be done.