I have attended three semesters of college as a degree-seeking student. I didn't fuss about it, but near the end of the semester, my family got an eviction notice that freaked me out like crazy, as my step-dad wasn't paying rent and was misusing our money. I was already struggling as these last few years of my life have been insane, but we were able to survive. Around that time my Mom and step-dad started their separation/divorce. It left me frazzled at the end of the semester, and I ended up getting an A, C, and D. Not terrible, but I got an academic warning. I told myself it was just me being lazy, and that the next semester I would do better. Then, spring semester of 2017 came and life got insane again, even more so this time. My grandfather committed suicide by shooting himself in the face during spring break, my step-father attempted suicide multiple times from the beginning to end of the semester, my brother got put into inpatient treatment for suicidal activity, and we realized how screwed over we were financially from my stepdad's misuse of our money. Things became tight financially, so I continued my student job I started the first semester of school, but I noticed my performance had dropped significantly from the previous semester, both in school and work. I got an academic probation, seeing that my GPA dropped under a 2.0 to a 1.66. But I was able to get an airline ticket as a prize in a lottery at work, so I thought I'd be able to relax by seeing my father and his side of the family down in Michigan. Heck, the next semester would be great if I came back relaxed! So I booked a trip right before the fall semester started. During summer, my stepfather overdosed on Ambien twice, strangled himself with a belt to passing out and tried suffocating himself with a bag. Finally, he was told to move out after he was hospitalized. This constant calling of 911 and being afraid there would be a dead body in our house kept everybody in the house on edge. Everybody was stressed, anxious, and terrified. Thankfully I was able to stay at another house for a couple days here and there when I needed to, but the stress still got to me. Then, during the trip to see my father, it turned out that he wasn't what we thought he was. I had brought my brother with me, and two days before we left, my father started verbally assaulting my brother over how he'd die if he were ever to be robbed, how my mother raised him wrong, how he would have raised us to be good christian children, how he wanted to take my little brother and force him to stay there. My father mocked him for having an online girlfriend, telling him he should be screwing every girl possible, told him that he was a pussy that needed to learn how to kill, and so forth. I hid in a room trying to stay away from the fight, but my stepmom dragged me out and started screaming at me at how i had told my mom that she was abusing my little brother, how I was totally conspiring against her when I was only 11. We later went to go on a boat ride, but on the way my step father screamed at us for being non-religious, that he was ashamed of us bieng his blood, that I was a pussy-footing failure, that neither of us woudl get anywhere in life, and finally that we better not tell our mother, as telling our mother would get him pissed off, and he told us that everybody that pisses him off would no longer exist on earth. So basically he threatened to kill us. So on the boat, my little brother called my mom while I kept a look out, and the next day our relatives in the town kept us away from our father as much as they could without raising suspicion. Then, past security at the airport we met up with my mother, where our father couldn't see, and went home. We were scarred from that, and we went to school full of stress and fright. I went to the counseling center at the university after breaking down when trying to tell my teacher what was wrong with me, but they said I was a bit too extreme to me and referred me to the psychological counseling center, who didn't accept me as I wasn't suicidal. So, I went to my former childhood therapist. My brother ended up dropping out. I got academically disqualified. I for some odd reason thought there was still hope that I could go to school this semester, but I wasn't able to. Turned out they removed me from the degree program, so I tried as a non-degree seeking student. Turns out that as a non-degree seeking student, I had no access to any of the loans or student aid I heavily relied upon, as my family has been spending pretty much every cent on the financial mess we were left in. I called the financial aid center and tried to see what I could do, and they said my only option was to go to class and pay out of pocket or go get a SAP appeal done. So, I emailed my academic counselor about it. This morning I got an email saying that I was pretty much removed from the university. The SAP appeal was only allowed for degree-seeking students, but seeing as how I became non-degree seeking a few days prior, I was disqualified from that.  I have no financial way to go to college without begging for money from my father or getting a job, which would interfere with university especially since I can't even drive yet. So, I'll have to take the next semester or two off to raise up money to go to college, but my loans only give me a grace period of six months, so I am afraid I won't have enough money to go to classes before that is up. Is there anything I can do to still go to college, or do I have to just drop out for the semester and work until I can afford it again? TL;DR A ton of screwed up shit happened during my last three semesters of college, and now I'm academically disqualified due to the mental stress this all caused me. I have no financial means of going to college. Is there still any hope of me going?