Anyway starting in high school, neither of my parents ever went to school, and neither really believed in it. I was never pushed to do good in school, and never encouraged to pursue higher education. Just before I graduated, the two of them had a very long, drawn out and dramatic divorce. I had just gotten out of a relationship where I had been cheated on. I stopped caring about anything and lost myself in mindless things like video games. Eventually I met another girlfriend, and got a decent paying job netting me about 20$ an hour. I was still unhappy, but things felt like they were starting to look up. Until I realized this was just another dead-end job in a warehouse that I was miserable breaking my back at everyday, and even that girlfriend ended up having cheated on me for over a year of our 2 year relationship. I went into a slight depression, stopped working hard at work, and lost that job because of it. Being a dumb 20 year old at the time making that sort of money, I got a credit card thinking it would help build my credit; and it did - until I lost that job and could never pay it back. Now I'm pretty sure my credit is abysmal and I'll never be able to buy a new car let alone a house. After I lost that job, my mom kicked me out yet again, calling the cops and having them throw me out. I lived in my car in the freezing winter for almost 2 weeks before my dad let me come stay with him again - on the premise I enroll in school, which I did the next week. I was accepted soon thereafter, started working at my dad's business, and started going to school and doing well. I felt like my life was finally going somewhere. Those first 2 semesters, I held a 3.8 GPA going for a business major. However there were still some things that were getting at me - I had little to no friends, my dad's new wife hated me and made me feel worthless all the time, and because of that my dad told me I was ruining his new marriage, and to top it off I didn't even know what I was going to school for outside of my parents telling me to so that I would simply have a place to live. I started skipping class, which was infectious and go to the point I would only go on test days. My GPA dropped but I was still passing my classes; until in the latter part of my second year, my dad's shop started to do really poorly - he couldn't afford to buy new supplies or things to sell, and he somehow blamed me for it. I was doing the best that I could. I still to this day don't know how he thinks it was my fault. He didn't even pay me to work for him. So thinking that it was my fault his shop closed down, he again kicked me out. I used a bit of my financial aid loads to move into an apartment on the school campus. But again I became depressed, thinking my whole family hated me, I couldn't get a girlfriend that would ever love me and not cheat on me, that I would never have friends or a good job or even be able to get good grades. I started skipping to the point that I just stopped showing up to class altogether, and needless to say, failed most of them. My last semester there, I stopped going altogether and never went back. I ended with a sub 2.0 GPA and multiple failed classes. I now have about 25k$ in student loan debt without even having a degree to get a job good enough to pay it off with. During the time I was at school and working for my dad, gave my mom a bit of time to realize I really was trying, and she began to become much more caring. She understood that I was really struggling and once more let me come stay with her. Thankfully she did, because while there I met my now fiance who went to a school nearby there. Fast forward a few years, and me and her have decent stable jobs in a new town, in a new state. Along the way, I've found an all-encompassing passion for physics and astronomy, and feel for the first time actual drive to finish my schooling. It makes me regret everything I've done along the way besides meeting my fiance, and wish that I could do everything all over, but I can't. And now I sit here, wondering if its even possible to get a PhD in physics and astronomy with all the things I've done wrong compiled into my now life. Thinking that I might not ever to achieve that dream because of my many past failures makes me sometimes want to just end it all. I don't even know where to begin to finish my studies - I know credible schools won't take me with the grades and attendance record I've gotten, and the community colleges around here either don't have the programs I'm looking for and even if they do, I don't know if they'll even add up to me getting a bachelor's from a reputable school since by next year I'll have 3 years worth of credits amounting to nothing; I have a sum of 2 years of business classes combined with extracurriculars, so would going to community college mean I'm starting all over? Let alone going on for a PhD somewhere even better. Why would anyone ever accept me with my record as a PhD candidate when as of now I'm pretty sure no one reputable would even consider me a BS candidate. Even if it was possible to line everything up perfectly, I wouldn't graduate with my PhD until I was almost 40. That in itself is discouraging enough. So here I sit, lost, depressed, in debt with no degree and no foreseeable future that I can see lining up for myself because of my past mistakes and failures. I really need advice from anyone who can offer it. I finally found something in life I'm honestly 100% passionate about, and am so afraid its too late and that I've messed my life up beyond repair - please help me find how I can achieve my dream despite all the things I've done wrong in my life.