First of all I'm going to be upfront. If you don't agree with my beliefs or background please leave this alone. If there are people who can legitimately help me I will be grateful beyond belief. I'm a 20 year old third year college student that's has an Associate of Science from a North Texas community college. I actually attained my degree about a semester ago, but due to certain limitations, I wasn't able to transfer earlier. I'm still living with my mother and brothers in the same city that I graduated from as the cc is also in the same city, so I really feel like the time has come for me to take the next step and see what's out there. The reason that I wasn't able to transfer earlier is because I'm an undocumented student. I can't apply for financial aid so almost all of my tuition costs for the cc have come out of my own pocket through hard work, dedication and most of all, the help of God. Stay with me here. My family and I have lived a rough life but we're just thankful to be alive and have a place we can call home. Those hardships we underwent though, have scarred us and it's been very difficult to live a 'normal' life. Last year, my mom found out that due to those hardships, including domestic violence and sexual abuse, we were eligible to apply for something called the 'U-Visa' where the country recognizes our hardships and grants us a work permit that will allow us to work legally in the U.S. It was like a miracle sent directly from God. We had just been counting on the Dream Act to pass so we could just continue our educations but this was idk a miracle.  The thing is, we filed our application last June but it takes a while for the USCIS to grant our acceptance or not so now we're just waiting to see what happens. I rest my entire faith on God that everything will go well. As I stated before, I already have my A.S. and really, really want to attend either UT Austin or TWU this fall but I have to be really careful with the application process as it could jeopardize the visa process. UT's been my dream school ever since high school, and with the visa, I'd be able to graduate and actually be able to apply for a job afterwards, unlike many other undocumented students who often graduate but are later stuck due to a lack of S.S. But now *I'm* stuck. Idk what to do. UT's an expensive school and their Fall 2012 deadline is coming up soon. If I apply and get accepted, I'd still have to wait for the permit decision. If I get granted the permit, I will be able to apply for FASFA and other scholarships or grants which I otherwise would've been unable to do so as an undocumented student. If I don't, Texas has it's own state version known as the TASFA which would help me but I can't make a decision until the permit comes since it could interfere with the decision. I could apply either way, but I would just wait to apply for financial aid later on and perhaps have to get a loan. Would y'all recommend me to apply and wait for the financial aid or just not apply at all and wait for the permit? My mom thinks it wouldn't be a bad idea to wait another year, perhaps work, and then go from there but I already feel like wasted enough time.