Hi all, I'll try to keep this as short as possible but my situation is complicated so I'll do what I can. I'll put it into bullet points so hopefully that will help. I'm 29 years old and have been going to college on and off since I graduated high school in 2009. I wanted to take time off before I started college to figure out exactly what I wanted to do. However, I had to attend in order to keep living with my sister so I essentially had no choice but to go. I started at a local community college and have gone there on and off since starting. In between those times, I went to various four years schools which were mostly online. I'm one credit away from an associates here but it is a class that can only be taken on campus and I live 2 states away now. Pretty much all of my early 20s had been all over the place which lead to issues attending college and doing the work. There were times when I couldn't get to class because I didn't have enough money for gas and nobody to bring me so I had to drop out. I lost my job at one point and had to drop out from one of the online schools during the first week to start my job hunt. I was engaged and when that broke off I had to withdraw again because I had to find somewhere to live and figure out my next steps. I have multiple chronic health issues that would flair up and I ended having to withdraw for certain semesters due to that. I also had untreated and undiagnosed ADHD which only exacerbated things more. There were also times where I would withdraw from online classes and schools entirely because I didn't end up doing well in their classroom structure/it wasn't for me. Since that first time I've had to drop a few more times and took a decent period of time off afterward to figure everything out. Once I was in a good spot, I attempted to go back last year (2019) and was asked again to do verification. No problem, unfortunately the issues I had don't really have documentation or I have no access to them. How do you document a diagnosis that you didn't have at the time? How do you document a relationship ending? My employer that let me go no longer has on file that I was ever an employee there because they didn't hold on to the record. Basically, I'm in a position where I can't prove anything and it is my word only. The school essentially told me that was the end of the road. One of the previous schools won't release an official transcript to me because I owe them money. Even after trying to set up a payment arrangement that would have probably put me in the poorhouse they wouldn't release it. The school mentioned in the previous bullet ended up waiving it for me and took a grade report instead. I was still technically enrolled but not attending classes at another school that I did really enjoy but didn't offer my specific major. I chose to go back there to get some transfer courses done and wait things out for the unusual enrollment. Well, after getting myself reinstated with them and going through a SAP appeal from my previous term, I found out I was close to hitting my aggregate student loan cap. Due to this they were reducing my per term financial aid to a point where I was going to need to pay $500 out of pocket every 10 weeks in order to attend school for the next year or two. That is not feasible for me so I ended up calling it quits. I've since been making payments on my student loans using income driven repayment since September 2019. I need help and I'm not sure where to get it. I can't get help from a school without applying and I'm not going to waste my time and the admissions department's time if I can't attend in the first place. Is there any agency or person/type of person that can help me navigate this? I've tried myself but there are way too many moving parts for me to understand. I don't know where to turn to get the final answer about my situation.