So in 2006 I dropped out of HS about 4 months from graduation because my family was verbally abusive and otherwise absent from my life. I moved away from home, found a job, and worked for a while before deciding that I wanted to do more with my life. So I got my GED, and got into college. I started my first semester in January 2010, and everything was great. But it wasn't meant to last. The first time I filed my FAFSA I went back home to my grandparents' (My 53 year old father lives with his 68 year old mother) and basically forced my father to sign the paperwork. I filled everything out for him because he wasn't going to. All he had to do was sign it, and it still took me about 3 weeks to get him to do it. But all was well, because the information was in on time, my EFC (Estimated Familial Contribution... or how much the college expects my family to pay) was $0. Financial Aid + Loans was enough to cover my living expenses + school. I had a 3.0GPA after my first semester of college. I was happy. That's where the good times ended. Every single year since then (I now live about 6 hours away from my Grandparents or Dad) my financial paperwork has gotten later, and later. And each time I get less and less aid. I remind him months in advance, email or fax him paperwork that's all filled out and just waiting for a signature. They need his tax information, which he doesn't file until early April if at all. He makes less than $5,000 a year because he doesn't work real jobs, and when he is working he either quits, or doesn't get paid by his sketchy employers. So I can't expect anything from him, and my grandparents are living on retirement. Ever since that first golden semester I've had at least 50% less money from the government to go to school meaning that I've been working at least 30 hours a week to maintain a barely full-time schedule. It's taken a toll on my grades so far, dropping me down to a 2.1 overall GPA. This last semester I ended up working 70 hours a week just to pay for my living expenses and bare necessities, including sparing money for my family when I could. My mother is constantly asking for money which she always promises to pay back but never does. Back on topic though, working 70 hours a week, and trying to take 12+ semester hours (That's ~60 hours of school work per week, according to the school expectations) is killing me. I'm now deep in loan debt, and my grades continue to suffer. I owe my roommate $3,000 because he kept me afloat when I was down. I owe my ex girlfriend $3,000 because she was helping me when I couldn't afford to eat and pay for classes. I want to finish my degree more than anything, but right now I'm in a situation where I can't file my own FAFSA without at least one parent, and my mother is trying to avoid it since she owes the IRS money. So it's relying on my King-of-procrastination father to get me the aid I need since I can't file as an independent until I'm 24 (next April). Everything would be fine if I could just get my financial aid information in on time. My EFC is $0, I would be completely clear to just focus on school but I can't do that until I file for next year's aid. Just looking for advice/options. Tanking my grades means spending even longer in school just retaking classes, and destroys my GPA. Dropping out will destroy me financially, but staying in is doing the same.